General
King Chen Yangfeng of Qi welcomes the general
Welcome General General
How dare you
Seeing the general dare not kneel
General, this man despises the nine clans
Nonsense
heinous crime
Ask the general to kill him
Serious crime
The root of sin asks death
Please kill the general please kill the general
Fanfan, you're dead now
Ah damn it's you
General why is this
You nine clans are so brave
Convicted
General, our nine clans entertain saints
Friends of He Sin
Do you know who he is?
Who is he?
He is not a
I don't know where the mud legs came from?
General, are you mistaken?
court death
General, what did I say wrong?
He's clearly a useless man, General
At best, he is just the Dragon Lord of Tianlong Palace
Ba, do you still know that he is the Dragon Lord of Tianlong Palace?
How dare you disrespect him
The General Tianlong Hall is now in decline
This decade
Kyushu is carried forward by our nine ethnic groups
Rely on your nine clans to carry forward
Shameless general
He is the Dragon Lord of Tianlong Palace
You can't marry nine heavenly daughters alone
We also asked the general to call the shots and tear up the marriage contract for us
Destroy Jiuding
You still want to smash Jiuding
The saintess of the nine clans is the daughter of Tianxuan
The Muse who sheltered Kyushu
How can you marry him and shut up alone?
It is the honor of your nine heavenly daughters to marry him
How dare you burn the marriage deed?
Smash Jiuding
Aren't you afraid of retribution?
General Kyushu has my nine clans
Nothing will happen.
We burned the wedding
There is no curse at all
Even if you don't die, you will be deceived by this person
The owner of Tianlong Temple
We nine clans still don't pay attention
He wants to marry our nine heavenly daughters, but I refuse
My Liu family does not agree
The Li family doesn't agree either
I won't agree with the bureau.
You are so foolish and incorrigible.
Do you really think he is just the Dragon Lord of Tianlong Palace?
Then what?
I'll tell you right now
He is the patron saint of the continent